There's nothing rich folks love more
Than going downtown and slummin' it with the poor
They pull up in their carriages and gawk
At the students in the common just to watch 'em talk
Take Philip Schuyler, the man is loaded
Uh-oh, but little does he know
That his daughters, Peggy, Angelica, Eliza
Sneak into the city just to watch all the guys at-
Angelica!
(Work, work!) Eliza!
And Peggy! (Work, work!)
The Schuyler sisters!
Angelica! Peggy! Eliza! (Work!)
Daddy said to be home by sundown
Daddy doesn't need to know
Daddy said not to go downtown
Like I said, you're free to go
But look around, look around
The revolution's happening in New York (New York)
Angelica (work!)
It's bad enough Daddy wants to go to war
People shouting in the square
It's bad enough there'll be violence on our shore
New ideas in the air
Look around, look around
Angelica, remind me what we're looking for
She's lookin' for me!
Eliza, I'm lookin' for a mind at work (work)
I'm lookin' for a mind at work (work)
I'm lookin' for a mind at work (work)
Whoa-ooh, whoa-oh-oh
Whoa-ooh, whoa-oh-oh (work!)
Whoo! There's nothin' like summer in the city
Someone in a rush next to someone lookin' pretty
Excuse me, miss, I know it's not funny
But your perfume smells like your daddy's got money
Why you slummin' in the city in your fancy heels?
You searchin' for an urchin who can give you ideals?
Burr, you disgust me
Ah, so you've discussed me
I'm a trust fund, baby, you can trust me
I've been reading "Common Sense" by Thomas Paine
So men say that I'm intense or I'm insane
You want a revolution? I want a revelation
So listen to my declaration
"We hold these truths to be self-evident
That all men are created equal"
And when I meet Thomas Jefferson (unh!)
I'ma compel him to include women in the sequel (work!)
Look around, look around
At how lucky we are to be alive right now
Look around, look around
At how lucky we are to be alive right now
History is happening in Manhattan
And we just happen to be in the greatest city in the world
In the greatest city in the world!
'Cause I've been reading "Common Sense" by Thomas Paine (look around, look around)
So men say that I'm intense or I'm insane (the revolution's happening in New York)
You want a revolution? I want a revelation (look around, look around, New York)
So listen to my declaration (it's happening)
We hold these truths to be self-evident (look around, look around)
That all men are created equal (at how lucky we are to be alive right now)
Look around, look around
At how lucky we are to be alive right now
History is happening in Manhattan
And we just happen to be in the greatest city in the world (in the greatest city)
In the greatest city in the world!
Angelica!
(Work, work!) Eliza!
And Peggy! (Work, work!)
The Schuyler sisters! (Work, work!)
We're looking for a mind at work! (Work, work!)
Hey! (Work, work!)
Hey! (Work, work! Whoa!)
Hey! (Work, work!)
In the greatest city (work! Work!)
In the greatest city in the world
In the greatest city in the world!
